[SPM-2463] Update open-ports-blocked-traffic.mdx (#17765)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/waf/open-ports-blocked-traffic.mdx

---

> Due to the nature of Cloudflare's anycast network, ports other than `80` and `443` will be open so that Cloudflare can serve traffic for other customers on these ports. In general, Cloudflare makes available several different products on [Cloudflare IPs](https://www.cloudflare.com/ips), so you can expect tools like Netcat and security scanners to report these non-standard ports as open in specific conditions. If you have questions on security compliance, please view [Cloudflare’s certifications and compliance resources](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/trust-hub/compliance-resources/) and contact your Cloudflare enterprise account manager for more information.

Author: This was already previously in single left quotes and I'm fearful that it would change the formatting from the escaped version already in the documentation. My change did not touch on this.

> Due to the nature of Cloudflare's anycast network, ports other than `80` and `443` will be open so that Cloudflare can serve traffic for other customers on these ports. In general, Cloudflare makes available several different products on [Cloudflare IPs](https://www.cloudflare.com/ips), so you can expect tools like Netcat and security scanners to report these non-standard ports as open in specific conditions. If you have questions on security compliance, please view [Cloudflare’s certifications and compliance resources](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/trust-hub/compliance-resources/) and contact your Cloudflare enterprise account manager for more information.

Reviewer: @bllchmbrs Just an FYI about this rec: Our style guide recommends that we use inline code formatting for ports. Hyperlint suggested that we changed inline code to quotes, which is not what the check is about. The actual change should happen in `Cloudflare’s` >> `Cloudflare's`, and that's what the [Vale rule](https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/blob/production/.github/styles/cloudflare/NonStandardQuotes.yml) is configured to identify (not sure if the AI part of Hyperlint interpreted it differently).

> Due to the nature of Cloudflare's anycast network, ports other than `80` and `443` will be open so that Cloudflare can serve traffic for other customers on these ports. In general, Cloudflare makes available several different products on [Cloudflare IPs](https://www.cloudflare.com/ips), so you can expect tools like Netcat and security scanners to report these non-standard ports as open in specific conditions. If you have questions on security compliance, please view [Cloudflare’s certifications and compliance resources](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/trust-hub/compliance-resources/) and contact your Cloudflare enterprise account manager for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the nature of Cloudflare's anycast network, ports other than `80` and `443` will be open so that Cloudflare can serve traffic for other customers on these ports. In general, Cloudflare makes available several different products on [Cloudflare IPs](https://www.cloudflare.com/ips), so you can expect tools like Netcat and security scanners to report these non-standard ports as open in specific conditions. If you have questions on security compliance, review [Cloudflare's certifications and compliance resources](https://www.cloudflare.com/en-gb/trust-hub/compliance-resources/) and contact your Cloudflare enterprise account manager for more information.
```
